I - yen for me the vegan hit me beating
yourself right you say shut it all down
natural behaviour settle the animals
reset me what's the whole reason why by
youtube channel with this that i'm not
really interested the answers don't get
a question i'm addressing the whole
apartment complication you know moral
gray areas i've under skin there's
always been a kind of theatricality to
youtube and theatrical does not
necessarily mean fake or phony or
insincere but I really do not hold it
against other people if in their
criticisms me if they're in their
disagreements with me they are a bit
shall we say over-the-top some of my
videos I speak in a very down-to-earth
way exactly the same way I talk to you
if we were face to face in a coffee shop
and in a few here and there I get a bit
theatrical myself I have the hilarious
video where I'm denouncing Ryan from
happy healthy vegan as basically I laugh
at it myself
did I have any emotional investment in
that dispute with Ryan zero it's nothing
to me
the being dramatic doesn't mean you're
being dishonest the video was also
honest it was giving voice to real
concerns and real feelings I have just
been a way that was a little bit
unnecessarily aggravated and aggravating
look if you really think I'm I'm angry
at Ryan this way you know come on get
real it's all a bit of a joke
it's all of its theatrical and so I do
have a lot of a lot of tolerance for a
lot of patience for the antics from some
of my fellow vegans and sometimes people
really cross the line and then I feel
the role of people men of principle
people are going to stand up on an
ethical point is to say hey here's the
line here's where you crossed it it's
all fun and games until someone loses an
eye and
YouTube in the last 10 years has left
content creators to fight amongst
themselves and basically scream at each
other whenever they think someone loses
an eye and the YouTube sat back and
pretended that they'll sort it out for
themselves they'll draw the line as they
may that's changed just in last couple
months the way the game is played will
now change because for the first time
YouTube is standing up and drawing those
lines there's a difference between
theatricality and dishonesty there's a
difference between putting out a video
that may be a conflict between two
channels and maybe being over the top
being way more emotional and dramatic
than you would be if you were talking to
person face-to-face in a coffee shop
what-have-you
there's a difference between that kind
of heightened life approach to a debate
or dispute on YouTube and presenting an
argument that's really dishonest that's
based on lies or concealment now one of
the important differences is that
dishonesty destroys your credibility and
theatricality doesn't look when a guy
like ask yourself lies straight up lies
about what Cory McCarthy said and why I
said it when he makes up lies and makes
them up in order to justify racism to
vindicate racism when he's offering
excuses for racism I think he's going to
find that destroys his credibility in a
way that he doesn't fully appreciate you
America was founded by whites for white
there is no question that if you watch
this quotation from Cory antara in its
original context in the 40 minute
context it is not a near statement of
fact America was founded by white bull
white it is totally dishonest and
totally misleading for this kid
Isaac ask yourself it's totally
dishonest for him to claim that this is
merely a statement of fact that's his
first claim then his second claim is
that facts can't be racist Cory himself
admits that in that video he was angry
he was being hateful
he was saying hateful things but you're
still making excuses for him on the
pretense that there's nothing heat 'fl
about this that it's merely factual okay
your argument is based on concealment
and deception and lies and the people
who matter are going to figure that out
whether they're 10% or 1/10 of 1% that's
the audience you should care about none
of us should pitch our content towards
the stupidest 60% of our audience you've
got a gear content towards the most
intelligent 10% 20% take your pick
you've got to set a higher standard for
yourself it is very very clear watching
Cory antara
in context you can watch the whole
40-minute video you don't take my word
for it that they were making a
prescriptive statement it's not just a
dry fact where you can say facts can't
be racist they were making a statement
about what was what is what should be
what ought to be America was founded by
white bull white it's a 40 minute video
but this is clip from nobody can watch
that in context and think that it said
as a value neutral statement of fact and
Isaac ask yourself his defense of this
is to claim one that it's merely a
neutral fact to that facts can't be
racist I've never heard someone using
that line to make excuses for races
before three that he's not making
excuses for racist when he very clearly
is and for to then treat this as if Cory
McCarthy were in an academic setting
just making a comment about something
factually true about the drafting
process for the American Constitution so
many centuries ago that's a lie that's a
lie Isaac and unlike dream writers lies
it's not a lie that's just said out of
simple malice it's not a lie that's just
meant to defame me or anyone else you
are lying
in order to make excuses for racism
you're trying to vindicate someone who
is a racist America was founded by
whites for whites
it's also interesting to me that you try
to excuse racism by claiming that I am
wrong that I'm engaging in a
psychological claim I'm engaging in some
kind of unknowable leap of inference
about someone's personal psychology
motivation in claiming that they are a
racist that's not the way politics works
the word racist like the word separatist
simply describes a set of goals in
politics Cory McCarthy and Tara McCarthy
their stated objective their policy
objective their pursuing is racist I
don't have to make any claim about their
psychology or their motivation they have
stated that their goal is to check out
all of the non-white people to exile
them I can say that is a racist
political position that is a racist
policy and you're dead wrong to say that
I'm making some kind of tremendous leap
of inference as to what motivates Cory
McCarthy in the short term when you do
something like this
something dramatic and dishonest and you
create a conflict between two channels
of nothing in the short term it
increases your number of viewers and a
guy like durianrider
was basically addicted to that
durianrider kept on telling lies about
people kept on creating new drama you
know week after week month after month
and in the short term of course he just
saw that he was getting more attention
he was getting more fame he was getting
more money well in the last year that
all ended and during writers conflict
with me is a huge part of what it what
ended it how it ended why it there's no
doubt during writer defamed and
denounced and told lies about so many
other people but the situation with me
was I was the first person to really
stand up to him and he didn't just lie
about my sex life or my divorce or my
career or all kinds of personal things
which he did serious criminal defamation
and he's now apparently facing criminal
charges women um you know he lied about
little details like what things I said
on my channel that anybody could look up
give you one example which is you know
harmless I mean it's not defamation a
criminal sense but I mean durianrider
claimed that I had insulted the makers
of the documentary cowspiracy it's a
pretty famous documentary amongst vegans
most people know that
that movie that I had denounced the
movie cowspiracy as a bunch of hippie
now anyone can check that claim
by going to my channel typing in the
word cowspiracy in the search bar and
finding my film review I did a movie
review of cowspiracy back when it was a
new film and you get my nuanced
political science perspective on the
film which is quite flattering it's
quite a positive review now this line
may be meaningless I mean this lie it
certainly doesn't compare to the the
type of defamation which now has
durianrider
facing criminal charges in court but as
meaningless or harmless as it may be it
still destroys his credibility and these
are the questions or the rules of the
game that will always lie outside of you
know the Adsense revenue scandal or they
calling it a Dan ad mageddon or
something forget now but you know the
questions about D monetization of videos
and censorship from YouTube nobody is
going to censor you for telling a lie of
that nature you know what was my opinion
about a movie in a movie review but the
people who matter in your audience the
most intelligent viewers you've got the
people whose respect you need to earn
the people the people in the long term
you should be struggling to build a
constituency with a meaningful level of
trust and rapport whether they're 10% of
your audience or 30% they're always
going to be a minority those people are
going to hear what you say and whether
or not they google it themselves one way
or another when they find out that your
argument is based on concealment and
lies you will lose credibility okay Isak
AKA ask yourself your whole argument is
based on concealment and lies you
complain that other people misrepresent
what you have to say they're enough but
you are constantly engaged in
misrepresenting what other people have
to say and if you feel that in my video
where I mentioned you in passing in
about two sentences if you feel I did a
poor job of summarizing your view that's
a reasonable criticism but what's not
reasonable you
to treat me as if I was speaking about
you with malice when I clearly wasn't I
wasn't intentionally misrepresenting you
and now we have a stack of videos from
you in which you do misrepresent my
position you do lie about me about what
I said why I said it etc and you are
very clearly doing so with malice and
above me on that look during a writer
destroyed his credibility and in the
short term he only got more viewers but
in the long term now one year later you
see the consequence of that his channel
was hollowed out his whole status in the
movement has profoundly changed he'll
never have the importance that he had
before in long term he destroyed himself
even though probably at each step of the
way with each little controversy with
each little instance of slander and
defamation he probably shot saw a
short-term boost in his numbers may ask
yourself a lot of people have talked to
me saying they used to be fans of your
channel and when they engage with you on
these issues the extent to which you
misrepresented what they had to say and
then at some point they figured out the
center which you were misrepresenting
what I had to say
the extent to which you have lied and
been dishonest and been dishonorable in
this affair it will in the long term
hollow out your presence on YouTube even
if in the short term it gets a lot of
action it gets you a lot of attention
even someone with a channel that says
shallow as Harley's durianrider
basically does diet advice you know
long-distance bicycling you know he's
not really dealing with politics in the
same way that Isaac and I are he's not
doing his issues but even for him when
it's revealed that his arguments are
based on dishonesty and concealment and
deception even for him his credibility
is destroyed so Isaac you can score some
points and you can get some short-term
attention with this drama the same way
that during writer did but the people
who matter one at a time however slowly
over months or years are going to figure
out that you're not just being
over-the-top and dramatic you're not
just being histrionic you're not just
being theatrical you're a liar
I'm I just Yin meanwhile YouTube
set the rules by which this whole game
is played I woke up one morning to get a
notice from YouTube that my videos about
Ted Carr are over the line that my
videos about Ted car I'm going to give
you a link below this video please click
on the link and take a look that my
videos against Ted Carr count as
bullying ten months ago that wasn't the
case at all ten months ago the way
YouTube interpreted and enforced its own
rules
there are amazingly insulting and
bullying videos against me on YouTube
unbelievably so but right now it is
really possible that my channel will be
deleted because I have three videos
against Ted car and they all count as
bullying by YouTube's definition and
it's three-strikes-you're-out with you
two and go ahead take a look
click on the link below this video but
ask yourself if my videos against Ted
car account is bullying then your videos
against me are ten times worse these are
you know this is bullying to the nth
degree so your channel could be deleted
not only your videos being too monetized
you could be banned from YouTube for
saying what you're now saying and in a
lot of ways it seems like we're living
through a period of time when the grand
old tradition going back to ten years
ago when the amazing atheist the grand
old tradition of one channel having an
over-the-top theatrical dispute with
another just to try to get attention and
get more viewers and bring some
animation and fun and liveliness to what
otherwise might be a kind of dry drab
academic debate it may really be that
those days are now ending